com/example/foodapp/Model/Products.java
 com.example.foodapp.Model.Products
com/example/foodapp/Model/AdminOrders.java
 com.example.foodapp.Model.AdminOrders
com/example/foodapp/Interface/ItemClickListner.java
 com.example.foodapp.Interface.ItemClickListner
com/example/foodapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.foodapp.BuildConfig
com/example/foodapp/Model/Users.java
 com.example.foodapp.Model.Users
com/example/foodapp/Prevalent/Prevalent.java
 com.example.foodapp.Prevalent.Prevalent
com/example/foodapp/Model/Cart.java
 com.example.foodapp.Model.Cart
com/example/foodapp/AdminNewOrdersActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.AdminNewOrdersActivity
 com.example.foodapp.AdminNewOrdersActivity$1
 com.example.foodapp.AdminNewOrdersActivity$1$1
 com.example.foodapp.AdminNewOrdersActivity$1$2
 com.example.foodapp.AdminNewOrdersActivity$1$2$1
 com.example.foodapp.AdminNewOrdersActivity$AdminOrdersViewHolder
 com.example.foodapp.AdminNewOrdersActivity$OrdresViewHolder
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ProductItemsLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ProductItemsLayoutBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityAdminUserProductsBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityAdminUserProductsBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityCartBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityCartBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/CartItemLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.CartItemLayoutBinding
com/example/foodapp/ViewHolder/CartViewHolder.java
 com.example.foodapp.ViewHolder.CartViewHolder
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityAdminNewOrdersBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityAdminNewOrdersBinding
com/example/foodapp/AdminUserProductsActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.AdminUserProductsActivity
 com.example.foodapp.AdminUserProductsActivity$1
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/foodapp/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.LoginActivity
 com.example.foodapp.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.foodapp.LoginActivity$2
com/example/foodapp/databinding/AppBarHomeBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.AppBarHomeBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityProductDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityProductDetailsBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ContentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ContentHomeBinding
com/example/foodapp/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.HomeActivity
 com.example.foodapp.HomeActivity$1
 com.example.foodapp.HomeActivity$2
 com.example.foodapp.HomeActivity$2$1
com/example/foodapp/OrdersActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.OrdersActivity
com/example/foodapp/databinding/OrdersLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.OrdersLayoutBinding
com/example/foodapp/PaymentActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.PaymentActivity
 com.example.foodapp.PaymentActivity$1
com/example/foodapp/ViewHolder/OrdersViewHolder.java
 com.example.foodapp.ViewHolder.OrdersViewHolder
com/example/foodapp/databinding/NavHeaderHomeBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.NavHeaderHomeBinding
com/example/foodapp/ProductDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.ProductDetailsActivity
 com.example.foodapp.ProductDetailsActivity$1
 com.example.foodapp.ProductDetailsActivity$2
 com.example.foodapp.ProductDetailsActivity$2$1
 com.example.foodapp.ProductDetailsActivity$3
com/example/foodapp/ConfirmFinalOrderActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity
 com.example.foodapp.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$1
 com.example.foodapp.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$2
 com.example.foodapp.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$3
 com.example.foodapp.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$3$1
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityPaymentBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityPaymentBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityConfirmFinalOrderBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityConfirmFinalOrderBinding
com/example/foodapp/ViewHolder/ProductViewHolder.java
 com.example.foodapp.ViewHolder.ProductViewHolder
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/foodapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.MainActivity
 com.example.foodapp.MainActivity$1
 com.example.foodapp.MainActivity$2
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/foodapp/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.RegisterActivity
 com.example.foodapp.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.foodapp.RegisterActivity$2
 com.example.foodapp.RegisterActivity$2$1
com/example/foodapp/CartActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.CartActivity
 com.example.foodapp.CartActivity$1
 com.example.foodapp.CartActivity$2
 com.example.foodapp.CartActivity$2$1
 com.example.foodapp.CartActivity$2$1$1
 com.example.foodapp.CartActivity$2$1$1$1
